Update issue templates (#452)
bcgov/cas-cif: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/user-story-template.md

- [ ] Checklist item
- [ ] Meets the DOD

> **Definition of Ready** (Note: If any of these points  are not applicable, mark N/A)

Reviewer: double space
```suggestion
**Definition of Ready** (Note: If any of these points are not applicable, mark N/A)
```

- [ ] User story is included
- [ ] User role and type are identified
- [ ] Acceptance criteria are included
- [ ] Wireframes are included (if required)

> - [ ] Does this User Story need stakeholder approval?

Reviewer 2: What does ticking the box mean here?

Reviewer 2: Again, what does ticking the box mean here? Does it mean that the story needs stakeholder approval, or does it mean that we have approval from all the required stakeholders?

Author: I get it now. This one I will remove probably. We are not really asking Stakeholder approval a User stories level and doesn't seems feasible too.

> - [ ] Acceptance Criteria included
> - [ ] Wireframe included (if required)
> - [ ] Does this User Story need stakeholder approval?
> - [ ] Design / Solution accepted by Product Owner
> - [ ] Dependencies identified (technical, business, regulatory/policy)

Reviewer: Consistency in the wording and capitalisation

```suggestion
- [ ] Acceptance criteria are included
- [ ] Wireframes are included (if required)
- [ ] Does this User Story need stakeholder approval?
- [ ] Design / Solution is accepted by Product Owner
- [ ] Dependencies are identified (technical, business, regulatory/policy)
```

> - [ ] Story has been estimated (under 13 spts)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Story has been estimated (under 13 pts)
```

> ·**Definition of Done** (Note: If any of these points  are not applicable, mark N/A)

Reviewer: double space
```suggestion
·**Definition of Done** (Note: If any of these points are not applicable, mark N/A)
```

> - [ ] Passes developer unit and automated tests

Reviewer 2: Passing the tests is an automated check from our CI pipeline. Whether we use unit or integration tests is also up for debate.
```suggestion
- [ ] Acceptance criteria are tested by the CI pipeline
```

- [ ] UI meets accessibility requirements

> - [ ] Developer to list Config changes/ Update documents and designs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Configuration changes are documented, documentation and designs are updated
```

> - [ ] Feature flagged if required

Reviewer 2: What does this mean? Putting the feature behind a feature flag? We've never done this and it should be an exception, not the norm.

Author: Will remove the bullet point "Feature flagged if required".

> - [ ] Passes peer code review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Passes code peer-review
```

> - [ ] Passes code peer-review

Reviewer 2: Is this needed in the issue? We have GitHub pull requests and ZenHub pipelines already tracking this information

- [ ] Passes QA of Acceptance Criteria with verification in Dev and Test

> - [ ] Ticket ready to be merged to main branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ticket is ready to be merged to main branch
```

> - [ ] Ticket is ready to be merged to main branch

Reviewer 2: What is the difference between this and the "Approved by PO or Dev" pipeline in Zenhub?

Author: Will remove "Feature flagged if required".
These points were taken from Sprint Retro DOR/DOD session on Apr1. If we want to rewrite or remove it, we can do that.
I see the point that this is similar to the pipeline. Will it be better to have those check points there to tick ?

- [ ] Can be demoed in Sprint Review
- [ ] Bugs or future work cards are identified and created

> - [ ] Reviewed and approved by Product Owner

Reviewer 2: Same, we have "Approved by PO or Dev" pipeline in ZenHub, why do we need it here too?

Author: I believe the Idea was to create a checklist so that everyone can kind of visualize what all steps the user story has passed/finished. Ex: If all applicable points are ticked and ticket is moved to Pending PO column, PO can review and check the "Reviewed and approved by Product Owner" and move it to "Closed". 
Also let me know if we can change/update it a better way. I will modify accordingly.
